---
title: blog post 09/01/2017
layout: post
author: daymondo
permalink: /blog-post-09/01/2017/
source-id: 1diKlydfNMBFCQRyODrJt3cTXSKVe-p8UVathyUNQpqI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Learning</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>09/01/2017</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>New term new course, the beginning</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To understand the best ways of learning, and what I do wrong.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson I learnt the best way of succeeding in IT is to try again and again. I learnt this through a video that was shown. In the video it had a boy performing in front of his school and the student's parents, he was struggle to do the vault (the gymnastics one) and kept going at it even when in tears. And eventually he achieved it. That is said how you should learn in IT keep trying and trying and you will succeed. 
 </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limits my learning is that when I find something challenging I give up too easily. And I need to persevere more to achieve more or at a higher standard. And I feel as though I need to put more effort into my work to make it the best that it can be.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Now I will put more effort into everything and not give up at the first hurdle. This will make me need less help and give me a good excuse when I need it, "I have tried this this and that ( this will be what I have tried), what else could I do?"</td>
  </tr>
</table>


